\section{Results and Analysis}
We chose to validate our PoC using a few scenes from Bitterli's 32 resources 
\cite{resources16}: \textit{The Wooden Staircase} and \textit{Utah Teapot}. 
These two were chosen for providing a collection of varied directives.

\textit{The Wooden Staircase} makes use of image-based textures, area lighting 
and has a vast array of different kinds of materials, including bumpmaps. The 
scene has a whopping set of 774 external 3D meshes - which makes it very 
difficult to convert manually - and primitive directives, such as rectangles.

The \textit{Utah Teapot} is a much simpler scene, with two materials, one primitive  and one 
external 3D mesh. It does, however, use a primitive checkerboard texture and 
environment mapping.

The scenes were rendered using Mitsuba 0.5.0, PBRT v3 and LuxRender v1.6 on a 
UNIX system running Ubuntu 14.04 LTS. All scenes were rendered using over 5000 
samples per pixel. 

We rendered the original scenes for Mitsuba, PBRT and LuxRender. After that, we 
rendered the scenes converted from these input files by our system. The original 
scenes for Mitsuba and PBRT were the ones provided in Bitterli's resources, 
while the LuxRender scenes were generated using our system.

\begin{figure}[h]
\centering
\includegraphics[width=3in]{figs/4_results/results_staircase.png}
\caption{Results for \textit{The Wooden Staircase} with Mitsuba, PBRT v3 and 
LuxRender input files.}
\label{fig:staircase}
\end{figure}

The results in Figure \ref{fig:staircase} differ a little in coloring from 
renderer to renderer due to the very nature of Montecarlo Rendering - sampling 
can vary between scenes. The results obtained from our system were very similar 
to the original images.

\begin{figure*}
\centering
\includegraphics[width=5in]{figs/4_results/results_teapot.png}
\caption{Results for \textit{Utah Teapot} with Mitsuba, PBRT v3 and LuxRender 
input files.}
\label{fig:teapot}
\end{figure*}

Obtaining the results in Figure \ref{fig:teapot} were particularly challenging

\subsection{Limitations}
In order to minimize scope issues, we restricted the number of directives 
interpreted by our system. Generally speaking, directives present in only one 
renderer that had no correspondent in the other two renderers were not 
incorporated. That was the case, for instance, for Mitsuba-only materials like 
\textit{phong} or \textit{blendbsdf}. 

We chose not to interpret and convert hair or participating media (volumes, such 
as water or fog) for this PoC. We also did not convert the color for metal 
materials in LuxRender given the issues discussed in \ref{systemarch}.

We chose to limit the interpreted global emitters to the most commonly used 
ones: environment mapping, sun, sky, distant lighting, infinite. Therefore, spot 
and point lights were not included in our PoC.



